so here I am talking about
Drake
again I know this is going to be hard to
believe but I really don't want to talk
about Drake that much anymore I I made a
whole three and a half hour long video
where he was a focal point of the
discussion I shouldn't have much more to
say about him after that and for the
most part I think I've shown restraint
in terms of like how much of my content
revolves around Drake considering that
he's EAS of view like I could end the
video here put them on the thumbnail
100,000 views tops in the next two hours
I promise you but you know I'm not I'm
not that shallow not that money hungry
yet Drake has not like at all and I
don't mean tracks like no face which I
actually enjoy it I didn't think that
was too bad of a song it's an honest
reflection on what it must have felt
like to take such a big ale publicly and
I thought it was really good but we've
also seen Drake pouting and whining on
streams with the likes of xqc and Aiden
Ross there was that incredibly bizarre
moment on stage where he Rambles about
not having any real friends and then
plays Beyonce's me myself and I that's
how life is but look sometimes it's you
and you alone by yourself sometimes it's
you alone with your thoughts sometimes
you know
what then there was that Fighting Irish
song which was clearly written and done
during the beef cuz he still had his
cornrows in and that song oddly is just
him Throwing Shade at LeBron James which
is incredibly Petty and then we have the
weird crash out academics had on LeBron
James a couple of days ago and of course
most notably it's the legal actions he's
been taking against his own record label
umg as a means to in some way win a rap
battle legally when he couldn't win it
lyrically a lot of folks will have
already chimed in on this by the time
you see it so I want to shout out those
folk and I'll put some of their videos
in the description but I'm going to try
to offer some particular Insight in why
I think this is happening from where I
stand and it's going to be a little bit
but no it's probably going to be exactly
what you expect but I want to be clear
this is all my personal analysis steeped
in my own biases as everything is all
the time when you're talking for those
head ass people that are going to be in
my comment section who think that
something this is biased everything is
biased idiot like nothing that comes out
of a person's mouth that is like normal
is unbiased so this is bias this is my
opinion all right also for those Drake
apologists out there this is not me
supporting umg or any corporate
influence on hip hop a lot of Drake fans
tried to make the earlier leagal action
into some type of righteous Crusade that
Drake was on fighting for the little
guys in hip-hop even though he's
fighting against the same tactics that
he himself used to become the biggest
rapper in the world and all that but
yeah that's all the caveats allall get I
know hip-hop conversations in general
bring out some of the worst weirdos
y'all come up whatever narrative bad
faith interpretation you want in the
comments I really can't be bothered now
I do want to recount some of the
important details specifically about
this newest lawsuit cuz it really is
beyond the pale of of any level of
dignity or ethics in the eyes of Hip Hop
and really if he were to win this
lawsuit which he won't but if he were to
win it'd be one of the most harmful
things to ever happen in rap music and
Hip-Hop culture like never has the
phrase not like us been so effectively
demonstrated in seeing what Drake put in
this lawsuit and how it shows a
completely selfish disregard for the art
form that he purports to love and want
to be a part of firstly again Drake is
not suing Kendrick Lamar he is suing his
is and Kendrick's record Distribution
Company umg it's not odd that both of
them would be under the same umbrella
deal by the way they're only like four
real record labels that control all of
music throughout the world so you know
just it's [__] up but it is what it is
in the suit Drake accuses umg of
artificially inflating the popularity of
Kendrick's dis record not like us and
saying that they willfully spread the
song knowing that it spread the
falsehood that Drake is a PDF downloader
mind you one there's no way they could
know that this isn't true like nobody
knows what these dudes are doing behind
closed doors that's why I don't put
anything past anybody that's just an
unfalsifiable statement that will never
hold up in court two there's reason to
believe it is true as I and others have
talked about before Drake has a long
history of questional behavior with
underage girls it's all out there for
you to see with a quick Google this is
only smoke to the fire but it kills any
idea that this could be defamation maybe
Drake is going to go with the move where
he says he's an able file which would be
hilarious but there's no way that Drake
will get any judge to rule in his favor
considering all the stuff that's out
there about him and teenage girls over
the course of the last decade plus also
and most frustratingly it's ridiculous
to think that umg artificially inflated
the popularity of this song the song was
an immediate Smash Hit and cultural
moment as soon as it arrived on Airwaves
the very night not like us came out
which was a Saturday night it was being
blasted in clubs everywhere that was not
artificial inflation that was what the
culture was feeling in the aftermath I
can imagine that umg did as is their job
what they could to increase the song's
popularity which again is something
they've done for Drake himself numerous
times but to call it artificial as if
this wasn't a natural happen stance is
nonsense what's worse is that in this
particular aspect of the accusation he
implicated multiple predominantly black
content creators and react streamers on
YouTube in the suit he puts the
thumbnails of these prominent black
creators like kais and that in RDC world
in the actual lawsuit and says that umg
whitelisted the song so that they didn't
get copyright claims as they reacted as
if this isn't something that Drake also
did for his songs thankfully the suit
isn't naming them as explicit targets
for legal action but make no mistake
naming them and putting them in the suit
is an attack on hip-hop media as a whole
the idea that a record label could get
sueded for publishing and promoting a
song that says something negative about
another rapper is an attack on hip-hop
at his very core and the idea that you
would name journalists in your lawsuit
for just doing their job is lowkey worse
at least from our perspective Hip Hop
was built out of genuine African
traditions of boasting rhyming and
cracking on others that have been around
four centuries in African art and
literature rappers have always joked and
dissed each other it's always been
competitive you can rightfully argue
that the ways in which that competitive
tradition has changed in the last 20
years maybe haven't always been that
good I would agree with that and there
is definitely a modern problem with
dissing your Ops and how that spills out
into real life streak violence in some
cases but this is not one of those cases
and those cases are historically
incredibly incredibly rare Drake then
goes on to say the song made him feel
like a target for harassment and states
that on multiple occasions he's been
targeted with violence as a result of
this song one situation we do know
publicly which was the shooting that
took place at his Mansion if not the
night the song came out then the night
following but he also mention multiple
events sit then we don't know much about
these events and I don't want to wish
violence upon anyone to be clear but we
also just have to take Drake's word that
these acts of violence toward him are
the result of this song as opposed to
the years of grimy low-key criminal
activity that Drake has been connected
to in Toronto these are things that I
won't get into but again feel free to do
a few Googles Drake has not been a clean
guy for a while I could go on but I will
leave the real analysis of the legal
aspects of this to the experts on the
topic what I want to do instead is ask
the
question why is Drake like this why is
Drake the type of [__] to lose a rap
battle and then file a lawsuit why has
he struggled so modly to get over this
and not just drop some new music
understand hip-hop and black culture is
like most westernized cultures in that
we are very forgiving to popular and
talented men who take L's and or get
caught doing harmful things to women and
girls AR who was now a convicted
Predator was known to be a predator for
a decade before he went to jail and
barely suffered at all from it I just
did a whole video on Diddy and you
already know that story there are people
still caping for Bill Cosby Trey songs
Chris Brown I can probably name a ton of
other black entertainers who have been
confirmed Predators or abusers and while
many did suffer somewhat due to their
crimes very few fully lost their careers
especially The Talented ones who were
able to make good new things after their
incident so if Drake would just come out
with good music in these last 10 months
we'd have mostly been over it by now he
could have been doing Tik Tock dances
again instead Drake has made almost no
music and has mostly made being angry
and bitter about this battle the whole
of his public Persona and even if that
was just the extent of it I probably
wouldn't be making this video but the
legal actions and ramifications of them
are so beyond so awful in their
implications that it's genuinely a huge
threat to the culture and art form of
Hip Hop and I need to understand why why
is this crash out happening how can we
make sense of it the best I've come up
with comes from a conversation I had
with a family member shout out to you
you know who you are that while not
perfect in this application of
sociological theories you'll see why in
a second makes too much sense not to
share Drake is a beta everyone pull this
[__] I know I know I know stop I know I
know I know I'm sorry yes the concepts
of alpha Ms and beta Ms and all that
stuff with Wolves is very much pseudo
science this analysis is not to be taken
as law or Credence to those ideologies
but they are useful for making sense of
this particular frame of behavior and
labeling real things using
understandable terminology even if the
terminology itself is not based on
reality all right so there's your
disclaimer Drake is a beta Drake has
always been a beta and always will be a
beta but like many beta males Drake
aspires to be seen and exist as an alpha
he wants the esteem and respect and
power that he perceives alpha males to
have alpha males like a LeBron James a
man that he got tattooed on his
body if you analyze Drake's career
through the lens of him being a beta
male it actually makes so much sense of
his behavior Drake's always been a
tryhard always been deeply insecure
always been a suck up to whoever he
thinks has more power and Status than
him and significantly he's always been
either incredibly jealous incredibly
dismissive or incredibly Petty to other
men who he feels he is or should be
above this is why he is so comfortable
stealing from other smaller artists
either in the form of taking their
Styles or Aesthetics or literally
stealing their music this is why up
until he was above guys like Kanye and
Joe Buton Etc he would always say he was
their biggest fans and he loved them so
much and he wanted to be like them and
ooh Lil Wayne ooh find that clip oh
little Wayne he's just too good we got
to give too good is why he went through
that weird period in the 2010s where he
would be at every sports game Sports
Arena wearing a different Jersey of
whoever the most popular team was at the
time is why when he was with LeBron on
LeBron's Barber Shop show on HBO it felt
like LeBron was talking to his son it
was weird it's also why his whole
posture and behavior as he's been
legitimately on top of the rack game
just felt weird and forced and insincere
Drake is an insecure beta Manchild but
he isn't untalented and definitely isn't
hardworking because he is so driven by
the insecurity that it drove him
literally to the top of the music
industry but even when at the top when
you're listening to Drake's music the
last decade or so it's mostly about him
being beta it's about him not feeling
comfortable not having real friends
feeling like people don't respect his
position and to be honest he's right A
lot of people don't and will never
respect him because we smell the beta on
him The Vibes have always been off it's
because Drake has always been imitating
what being a top guy is actually
supposed to look like and feel like that
people never respected him at the level
he probably earned it's why he acts like
a groupy when he's around real top guys
real alpha males like LeBron or Jay-Z or
multiple other figur you can see the
difference and you see it reflected in
the type of people especially men who
love and follow Drake to the death Drake
surrounds himself with fellow betas that
are just under him people like academics
and Aiden Ross who are willing to debase
themselves in order to court favor with
men they see as powerful and dominant
Drake's hardcore fan base of STS are the
most beta men in all of existence
whether whether they realize it or not
they identify with Drake because they
love him as their beta
lean Al got what the [__] is that dad's
name damn it you're going to use the
meme on me again aren't you lean I've
been saying this about Caleb Williams
the whole time but I actually don't know
the real [__] they are attracted to that
energy and in their view Drake did
exactly what they wish they could do
work hard enough to be on top just like
the alphas even if you know deep down
inside you're really not like that this
is also why Drake grievously
underestimated Krick and why he cannot
accept or recover from how badly
Kendrick whipped his ass in this battle
Kendrick is
uh he's basically a sigma male ah I'm
I'm ruining my career Drake is ruining
my career on
[Music]
accident Kendrick is really a
nonparticipant in the alpha beta
Paradigm that Drake operates in he has
his own standards and needs he's not a
dick rider he's not super interested in
Fame he's art focused Community focused
Legacy focused and Kendrick didn't run
around chasing every Trend and kissing
everybody's ass to stay popular and he
still got to the top of the music
industry the same way Drake was but to
Drake's beta mind Kendrick can't ever
really be on his level and can't ever
really possibly affect him or at least
that's what he had to have thought when
this battle started and you can really
tell that he thought that he had
Kendrick automatically because he kept
egging him on he kept on saying drop
drop drop drop and nah nah nah you ain't
going to back down and he really thought
after he'd released family matters that
he was about to go on vacation he ends
that song with your dead on repeat he
thought it was over based solely on
status and whatever bet of mind [__] he
had did to himself to not realize who he
was dealing with and there's a part of
me that's so confused with how dumb that
strategy is that every once in a while I
stop myself and wonder is this some type
of ridiculous for 4 d chess move that
nobody is seeing that somehow after damn
near a year the outcome might change but
then I look at what's actually in front
of me and I look at all the evidence I
see and don't see and I see a dumb jock
that can't believe some nerd got voted
homecoming king or some [__] like that's
the type of that's literally the
mentality H that's that's Drake's
mentality his fans mentality whatever
this is why Drake's been whining and
pathetic the last 6 months why he's
acting like a victim when he's very much
responsible for everything he's been
going through from the bad behavior to
the bad strategy to underestimating his
opponent and getting embarrassed so now
with all of the alpha male imitation
elements gone Stripped Away From Him
Drake goes into his white not very
hip-hop roots and starts suing people to
regain some semblance of status and
power my theory is his ultimate goal is
to make sure not like us is not
performed at the Super Bowl which would
be the most amazing thing ever to happen
in the history of rap beef but would be
an incredible L like bigger than all the
ones he's taken th far possibly but
instead of just taking that L which so
many rappers before him have done
including Drake himself he's now made
his L everyone's problem he's
threatening to make it so record labels
are responsible for the content of the
music they just publish which means
they' be far less likely to support all
but the most Bland of rap music for fear
of getting sued he's making it so
content creators like myself will be
muzzled and scared of legal action just
for voicing opinions I'm not a lawyer
but if I know anything about defamation
from my minimal experiences in media
over the last couple of years I know
that it's incredibly hard to win a
defamation case as a public figure
especially against a giant corporation
like umg so I don't expect any of this
to ever legitimately be a problem for
anyone long term but it's the principle
it's the idea that this was the move he
decided to take it's the most unhip hop
thing to ever happen in the history of
the culture done by the man that many of
y'all called the goat that one artist of
the decade and some of y'all call your
favorite rapper it's really really sad
I'll end by repeating what seems to be
my claim to fame now my most viral
statement in the history of Twitter if
Drake is your favorite rapper you're
probably a loser but I want to add now
with hindsight that I realize if you're
the type of loser to look at Drake's
behavior and not see any problem with it
you're probably so much of a loser that
you have no clue how bad you look to
anyone else who has sense around you so
in that regard you are just like your
favorite rapper I'm FD signifier and
this has been light work